Add incompatible Sigma rules to the blocklist (#2038)
google/timesketch: docs/guides/user/sigma.md

timesketch/data/sigma
```

### Sigma Rules Blocklist file

> The `data/sigma_blocklist.csv` is the central point where Timesketch tries to maintain which rules are considered good or bad. By default each rule is considered good, but it is good practice to add them in that file if they are tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `data/sigma_blocklist.csv` is where Timesketch maintains a list of incompatible rules. By default each rule is considered compatible, but it is good practice to add them in this file if they are tested and verified to not be compatible.
```

> Each method that reads Sigma rules from the a folder is checking, if part of the full path of a rule is mentioned in the `data/sigma_blocklist.csv` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each method that reads Sigma rules from the a folder is checking if part of the full path of a rule is mentioned in the `data/sigma_blocklist.csv` file.
```
